; TQVault autoupdate version file
; 4/17/2010

; This is the latest version available for updating.
; This should be the version of the files on the FTP server.
LatestVersion=2.3.0.4

; The minimum allowed version for updating to the latest version.
; Less than the full version will trigger a full install.
MinimumVersion=2.2.2.2

; The name of the setup file which will get downloaded
; Only arc format from TQ is supported.  ZIP is not supported.
; Will get decompressed into the base application directory.
SetupArchive=FullInstall.arc

; After the setup package is decompressed this will get executed.
SetupName=setup.exe

; Version of the Update program.
; If this version is changed a new version of the update program
; will be downloaded and installed prior to patching.
UpdaterVersion=1.0.0.0

; The name of the udpate program
; Any existing program of this name will get renamed
; and this will take its place.
; Also used to kick off an update along with the params.
UpdaterName=TQVUpdate.exe

; Parameters for launching the update program
; The <AppPath> tag will get replaced by the current path of the program
; which should be your TQVault base directory.
; The <TQVault> tag will get replaced by the full path of your TQVault.exe
UpdaterParams="http://www.soulseekkor.com/apps/tqvault/NoInstall.arc"

; Use the exclaimation point for to list the changes
; Will display in the update dialog in the sequence that they show here.

!Changes in 2.3.0.4:
!- Port the source to C#:
!-- Clean up the code a little bit getting rid of some unused items.
!-- QuickFill is now a separate DLL (and project which is included with the source).
!-- Moved the image resources out of zlib and into the main project resources.
!-- Settings are also now part of the resources and are stored in the user's application data area.
!-- Strings are also part of the resources to support localization.
!
!- Rewrote Search code:
!-- Fixes issue with exception on new characters that have not entered the game.
!-- Added item quality to search results.
!-- Added ability to filter by quality when searching by type.  Use the ampersand (&).
!--- For example to search for rare swords use: @sword&rare
!-- Added ability to search by item type.  Prefix the string with at (@) to search by type.
!--- For example: @sword will search for all swords.
!- Added some UI Enhancements:
!-- The UI will now translate to French, Spanish, German and Russian.
!--- Thanks to Jean, Vifarc, FOE and Xelat for providing translations.
!--- Spanish was done by Google to test localization.  Probably very bad and needs to be redone.
!-- UI Language will use the game language setting if not autodetecting.
!--- If autodetecting the OS language is used.
!--- The UILanguage key in the config file will override both values and set the UI language.
!-- Game Language dropdown should now display in the native language of the installed .NET framework.
!-- Moved contact information to an About box.
!-- Added support for scaling.
!--- Now shows correctly with 120 DPI or 144 DPI fonts.
!-- Changed button text to dynamically resize if it is too large to fit in the button bounding box.
!-- Changed icon.
!--- The old icon looked corrupted on most displays.
!--- Now uses the in in game model of the Majestic Chest.
!- Added warning for the empty bag function.
!- Added that turning off copying also supresses bag copying in the vault.
!- Improve Vault Maintenance a little:
!-- Can now use maintenance functions on the Main Vault.
!-- Selecting from the source dropdown now automatically highlights and sets focus to the destination.
!
!- Fix AutoUpdate:
!-- Fixed issue where update would trigger if update server could not be contacted.
!-- Force updater always pull version info from the server.  Previously it would pull from the cache.
!-- Fixed issue with Update dialog closing during full setup download.
!-- Added support for subdirectories in ARC files.  Done for full setup updates.
!- Fix strange requirement values.
!-- Changed numeric conversions to now use the Invariant culture since internally everything is in US English format.
!- Fixed issue where stash CRC would overflow when attempting to inject the calculated CRC back into the save stream.
!- Fixed a bug where the search grid would crash if the header was double clicked.
!- Fix issue that IT was sometimes not detected
!-- Add searching for any file that matches TQIT*.exe to determine if IT is installed.
!- Fix decoding of extended characters in the database. (Thanks Vorbis)